I'm Adam and I'm a spray paint artist
today I'm going to talk about the basic
needs of spray painting first you need
spray paint
I prefer rust-oleum you need paper
obviously usually about fourteen my late
teens or something around there this I
get for free and I cut it my dad has an
insurance agency and he gets calendars
and this is the front of a calendar next
you need lids they are mainly for
planets I'll explain that later need a
pencil to sign your name you need
straight edges these are two separate
where you want your pain where don't you
just like these next you need gloves
they're very handy to have mainly
because you don't want that gunk on your
hands and stuff most important thing
right here it's a respirator you need
this no matter what no matter what the
costs are just keep your lungs healthy
it's ridiculous how does satisfying how
many days you die earlier just because
you breathe in these bad things next
need glossy paper this is a magazine you
need it to you either crunch it up or
don't but it reveals paint and it gives
it texture and then you need these two
forgot what they're called look in the
description box I'll tell you it's so
you can paint over it and it leaves like
this would be a tiger kind has been up a
little bit but that's what it would look
like I kind of messed up this is white
and right there basic information is I'm
I am from Iowa it's not a boring state
and
if you are not if you live in Iowa I
live right west of Fort Dodge and I'm
also in tag talented and gifted this one
was a project I got an A+ on it this
wasn't the actual one but it was very
similar to the other one I did just a
few fix ups I did with the other one and
I aide that thing just actually she just
put the grade in arm that's about it
look in the comment box below here are
some of my paintings that I am
intermediate probably if not I'm a
beginner I'll show some more videos but
this is my attempt of getting uh
subscribers
these are my this is starting with how
early it was so like the very first one
that was my first one ever
proceed I learned how to do this in
Cancun uh my parents actually saw some
other kid go up and the spray paint
artist would help him he was in our
hotel and this one's very detailed but
they eventually he helped me later on
paid like five bucks extra and now I
know how to do this this one's pretty
much a copy of the later one just some
different stuff there
and I was yep so I should have videos
later ah you can leave something in the
comics I'll answer any questions that I
feel are worthy I should check it daily
and that's about it
see ya